Z1

- Babel
- Babylonia
- Hikmah
- Ebla
- Ashurbanipal
- Yggdrasill
- Kongen

* * *

- Adjectives, in the English language, are meant to be in this order: opinion-size-age-shape-colour-origin-material-purpose Noun. "A lovely little old rectangular green French silver whittling knife."

* * *

- Duration of all `mp4` files in subdirectories

```
find ./ -name "*.mp4" -printf "\"%p\" " | xargs exiftool -n -q -p '${Duration;our $sum;$_=ConvertDuration($sum+=$_)}' | tail -n 1
```
* * *

It started the second he ran through these streets. There was a flash of a lightning from beyond, followed by a thousand thunderous footsteps. His strides ushered in a new age of those that would shatter the speed of sound, light and time. Those that would race down the same road he did, enforcing his archaic sense of justice. This man refused to believe the line between good and evil blurred like the scarlet and gold he wore. It was a simple fact to Barry Allen. You were guilty -- or you were not guilty. You were wrong about many things, Barry. Guilty or not guilty? Everyone is guilty. Death is never the end. And lightning always strikes twice.


***
<br>

## *Monokai Pro*
 
What you need
-------------

-   VSCode
-   Internet Connection

Tested on MAC OS X

How to install free for Visual Studio Code: 1. Extensions > Search for 'Monokai Pro' > Install 2. Command Palette > Monokai Pro: select theme

Now hack 'em all! 1. go to extension folder

`sh cd ~/.vscode/extensions/monokai.theme-monokai-pro-vscode<version>`

1.  Open `/js/app.js`

`sh code /js/app.js`

1.  Beautify it

2.  Find `key: "isValidLicense",`

~~5\. Change value with value: () => !0~~

1.  Change return statement `sh return !(!e || !t) && t === (0, n.default)("" + a.default.APP.UUID + e).match(/.{1,5}/g).slice(0, 5).join("-")`

to

`sh return true`

1.  Close and Reopen VSCode


* * *
<br>

## Table
<br>

| Syntax      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Header      | Title       |
| Paragraph   | Text        |

<br>

***

 
# Structured documents

Sometimes it's useful to have different levels of headings to structure your documents. Start lines with a `#` to create headings. Multiple `##` in a row denote smaller heading sizes.

### This is a third-tier heading


You can use one `#` all the way up to `######` six for different heading sizes.

If you'd like to quote someone, use the > character before the line:

> Coffee. The finest organic suspension ever devised... I beat the Borg with it.
> - Captain Janeway

&rarr; https://github.com/ikatyang/emoji-cheat-sheet/blob/master/README.md

* * *
<br>

Windows Filename
-----------------

Colon -   ꞉
<br>
***
<br>

BSNL FUP - http://172.30.3.134:9090/ssssnpm/promotional.jsp
<br>
***
<br>

### BSNL
<span class="hidden"> 09611313
at2483640_scdrid </span>

* * *
<br>

cat data.ext4.win00? | tar -xv

<br>

***
<br>

$\sqrt{3x-1}+({1-x})^3$

$\def\bar#1{#1^2} \bar{y}$
***
<br>

1337x.to

1337x.st (Active since Oct. 2017)

x1337x.ws (Active since Dec. 2017)

x1337x.eu (Active since Mar. 2018)

x1337x.se (Active since May. 2018)

***
<br>

Reddit Feed
   ``` 
    https://reddit.com/r/Android+BlockChain+BollywoodRealism+HPfanfiction+InternetIsBeautiful+Jokes+LifeProTips+MaterialDesign+McFlysRetroShows+Notable+OpenSignups+Piracy+Windows10+YouShouldKnow+ZippyShare+books+crypto+ethdev+ethereum+explainlikeimfive+ffmpeg+funny+ipfs+itsaunixsystem+learnprogramming+marvelstudios+movies+mpv+oneplusone+privacy+privacytoolsIO+programming+rational+selfhosted++todayilearned+uBlockOrigin+web_design+webdev/.rss
   ```
<br>

-----------------------------------------

- ### Clear Icon Cache - W10
    ```
    ie4uinit.exe -show
    ```
-----------------------------------------

- ### Untar .bz2
    tar -xvjf file.bz2

- ### Untar .tar
    tar -xvf file.tar 
-----------------------------------------


* ### System Info:
```
inxi -Fxxxz
```
------------------------------------------
- 1Fichier.com
- BEOUTQ
- Bukalapak.com
- Carousell.com
- Chomikuj.pl
- DHgate.com
- Firestorm-Servers.com and Warmane.com
- FlokiNET
- Flvto.biz and 2Conv.com
- FMovies.is
- Hosting Concepts B.V.
- Indoxx1.com
- Kinogo.cc
- MP3juices.cc
- Mp3va.com
- Mpgh.net
- Newalbumreleases.net
- Openload.co
- Pelispedia.tv
- Pinduoduo.com
- Private Layer Hosted Sites (e.g. Torrentz2.eu)
- Rapidgator.net, Rutracker.org, and Seasonvar.eu
- RARBG.to
- Sci-Hub and LibGen
- Shopee.ph
- Taobao.com
- Thepiratebay.org
- Tokopedia.com
- Turbobit.net
- TVPlus, TVBrowser, and Kuaikan
- Uploaded.net
- Uptobox.com
- VK.com
--------------------------------------------


